today I'm going to show you guys how to
make one of my favorite toasties now
it's loosely based on the classic french
problem sure I think life's a little bit
too short to be baking bechamel or a
toastie so I'm going to speed that up a
little bit we've got a bit of creme
fraiche some Dijon mustard
it's a lovely cheese and we're gonna use
that through the bechamel so the first
thing we're gonna do is combine these
three in a bowl a little bit of creme
fraiche these young mustards we've got
some lovely Briere that we've already
grated so good handful of that in there
it's gonna mix that to combine - this is
our bechamel replacement that's all
combined there we don't really need to
season that doesn't cheese has got
enough tang to it
it's a lovely sourdough I'm just going
to spread this mixture on the sourdough
put some of this beautiful primo double
smoked leg ham on there we're gonna
toast that off just spread this mixture
onto the bread be nice and generous
because you want the loads of cheese in
this
we're doing two layers one for the
bottom which will put the ham on and
then one on the top which is gonna
bubble and what to put in the oven and
it'll crisp up with a gorgeous so nice
and generous now this is the Primo Pam
and I really love this stuff so he's to
be super generous with that layer and
arm okay so we've got the ham on there
just lay this other piece straight on
the top like that we want this all
melting and gold and I'm just going to
give a tiny bit of salt now bit of
butter into a medium pan as soon as that
starts to bubble up we're gonna pop our
sandwich straight in now the idea is
we're going to start the cooking process
here it's going to get nice and brown on
the bottom that butter is going to give
it a lovely flavor once it's brown we're
gonna pop that into an oven for about
eight minutes and that's going to get
warm through crispy and crunchy on the
top and then we have one of my favorite
toasty prop takes a couple of minutes
for that now this toasty is beautiful
and golden on the bottom I've got it in
an ovenproof griddle pan just transfer
that to the oven it's on medium and
we're gonna pop that in there for about
eight minutes bring it out it's gonna be
all beautiful and golden and we're gonna
be ready to rock and roll
okay spend about eight minutes now I'm
gonna pull this out of the oven yeah
that is gooey and bubbly and gorgeous so
a good tip and I've learned this the
hard ways if you put a tea towel over
the handle with that when you go to grab
it again you won't burn your hand off so
keep that in mind
now this toasty is looking pretty damn
good and bring that over and see that
cheese is all melted the hams nicely
warmed through we're just going to cut
that top that on plates and that is all
you need to do they go it's my favorite
toasty with the Primo double smoked leg
hand
you